We are ready to present our findings to you regarding the factors that 
drive used car prices. We understand that you generally distinguish 
between the 
Luxury and Non-Luxury used car market, and thus, we analyzed both segments 
of the 
market and are ready to share our findings with you. W
ithout going into 
much detail, we'd like to assure you that we took the time to examine 
multiple ML models (i.e. regression and Lasso) and compared our findings 
to ensure we provide you with the best possible insight.
To present our findings, we'll break down the discussion into factor 
influence higher and lower prices for a used car:
Both in Luxury and Non Luxury market, we found that the biggest detrement 
causing price depreciation is the age of the car. Though Mileage is key in 
price deprecation, we found that the magnitude of deprecation resulted 
from the age is significantly larger. In addition, we discovered that 
vehicles with automatic transmission experience a significantly sharper 
decline in value compared to manual and semi-automatic transmission.
The largest factors that increases the price of used cars, both in case of 
Luxury and Non-Luxury is having a semi-automatic transmission. In 
addition, having a clearn or lien title are also important facors that 
keep the used car prices high.
Lastly, contrasting the Luxury and non-Luxury car market, it is important 
to note that having diesel fuel is an import feature that keeps the 
non-Luxury cars sharply higher while it's not a big factor when 
determining the price of luxury cars. For Luxury cars, having electric 
engine leads their prices higher, while in case of non-Luxury, it pushes 
them lower. Lastly, manual transmission is a plus for Luxury cars while in 
case of non-Luxury, it pushes the prices slightly lower (yet not as much 
as automatic transmission does).
In summary, be cautious of the age of the car, even more so than the 
mileage. If you are looking into Luxury market, electric cars or the ones 
with manual prices tend to have higher prices. If you are in the 
non-Luxury market, diesel fueled cars keep their prices higher. In both 
markets, look for clean titles and keep in mind that semi-automatic used 
cars have higher prices.
To view the jupyter notebook, look at this github repository: 
https://github.com/k1now/Car-Prices/blob/main/UsedCarPrices.ipynb
